Improve test and load (#13)
LedgerHQ/ledger-vscode-extension: README.md

* `ledgerDevTools.additionalDepsPerApp`: Add dependencies for current app's functional tests (for instance 'apk add python3-protobuf').
* `ledgerDevTools.keepContainerTerminal`: Indicates to keep the Terminal window opened after a successful Container Update.
* `ledgerDevTools.containerUpdateRetries`: Set the max number of Container Update retries.

> * `ledgerDevTools.userScpPrivateKey`: Use the user `SCP_PRIVATE` key when loading/deleting app on device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ledgerDevTools.userScpPrivateKey`: Use the host's `SCP_PRIVKEY` environment variable when loading/deleting app on device. Cf. https://developers.ledger.com/docs/embedded-app/pin-bypass/
```

Author: Done
